This TITANITE_SOLUBILITYreadme.txt file was generated on 2021-11-03 by Dr. John C. Ayers

GENERAL INFORMATION

1. Title of Dataset: Titanite solubility experiments

2. Author Information
	A. Principal Investigator Contact Information
		Name: John C. Ayers
		Institution: Vanderbilt University
		Address: PMB 351805, 2301 Vanderbilt Place, Nashville, TN 37235-1805
		Email: john.c.ayers@vanderbilt.edu

3. Funding sources that supported the collection of the data: 
National Science Foundation Grant No. EAR-0911726

SHARING/ACCESS INFORMATION

1. Licenses/restrictions placed on the data: Embargoed until 4/21/2022 to allow time for publication.

2. Links to publications that cite or use the data: * Cite published paper

3. Links to other publicly accessible locations of the data: 

4. Links/relationships to ancillary data sets: 

5. Was data derived from another source? yes
	A. If yes, list source(s): 

Some data from the LEPR database:
Hirschmann, M.M., Ghiorso, M.S., Davis, F.A., Gordon, S.M., Mukherjee, S., Grove, T.L., Krawczynski, M., Medard, E., Till, C.B., 2008. Library of Experimental Phase Relations (LEPR): A database and Web portal for experimental magmatic phase equilibria data. Geochemistry, Geophys. Geosystems 9.

6. Recommended citation for this dataset: * Insert figshare doi

DATA & FILE OVERVIEW

1. File List: 

AllExptsMV4.Rmd: RStudio notebook file used to analyze the data
AllExptsMV4.html: Output file from AllExptsMV4.Rmd
AllExptsV3.csv: contains silicate glass compositions from:
1. titanite growth experiments conducted at Vanderbilt University by graduate student Danny Flanagan.
2. titanite dissolution experiments conducted at RPI by Rick Ryerson and Bruce Watson. 
3. phase equilibrium experiments from the LEPR database (Hirschmann2008) that produced titanite.
LEPR_ExperimentsV2.csv: list of titanite-undersaturated experiments from the LEPR database.
LEPR_LiquidAnhyV4.csv: Glass compositions from titanite-undersaturated melts from the LEPR database.
TitaniteReferences.bib: Bibliography of relevant papers; contains citations in Rmd file.
TitaniteSolubilityExperimentData.xlsx: Contains all data from growth and dissolution experiments, plus fits to diffusion profiles and comparison of titanite thermometry to other thermometers in the literature.


2. Relationship between files, if important: csv files are imported into rmd file for analysis; output saved as html file

METHODOLOGICAL INFORMATION

1. Description of methods used for collection/generation of data: 

* Cite published paper

2. Methods for processing the data: 

Described in the Rmd file

3. Instrument- or software-specific information needed to interpret the data: 

Rstudio v. 2021.09.00 and R v. 4.1 used for rmd file; packages are listed at end of html file

4. Standards and calibration information, if appropriate: 

5. Environmental/experimental conditions: 

6. Describe any quality-assurance procedures performed on the data: 

7. People involved with sample collection, processing, analysis and/or submission: 


DATA-SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR: [FILENAME]
<repeat this section for each dataset, folder or file, as appropriate>

1. Number of variables: 

2. Number of cases/rows: 

3. Variable List: 
<list variable name(s), description(s), unit(s)and value labels as appropriate for each>

4. Missing data codes: 
<list code/symbol and definition>n

5. Specialized formats or other abbreviations used: 
